The Joe Rogan experience.
I once was fat actually really GF Chubb, like, uh, you know,
roles like the guys that have rolls of fat and the thing.
And I was with a girl who, um, you know, a very,
very serious young and everything. And we went to her beach,
her beach was cutting little doom, you know, doom, beach, little doom,
and she's talks to these. She goes, I have to go talk to these guys.
And they were the cool surfer dudes. And it was like 25 years ago,
30 years ago. And she's talks to these guys and they start laughing and I go,
what are they like, what are you guys laughing at to her?
Because she's now left these and they're back there.
And I see a chorus of them kind of laughing. They go, well,
I guess they're laughing because they said, uh,
we never thought you'd be with like a fat guy. And I thought, wow,
they look at me. And that's what they're, that's what they're seeing.
And they think is funny. I got to fix this. And I,
that was like the straight up October forever for me. Um.
That is what's called fat shaming fat.
Shaming. Oh, I didn't even know that. There's nothing that.
Yeah, you didn't, you never heard of fat shaming. Never heard it. Well, that's,
it's a very controversial thought because some people think that fat shaming is
terrible and that you shouldn't do it to people. And other people say that
it's true. It does work on certain people, but it makes people feel bad.
And some people think you should protect people from feeling bad.
Whereas other people think you should tell them that they're fat.
So they feel bad. So they act on it.
How do you see it? I.
Call it I'm the ladder. I think you should tell people that they're fat.
If they want to know God, you said, I don't think you should go after people.
And make them feel like they want.
To know. You mean like, no, I don't think you should predict.
What's a M okay. Give me the signal of, if you want to know,
like you're with some friends,
let's say you're with someone you only know a little bit.
I wouldn't say anything then. Okay. So now you're with, uh, I said,
we're talking about like relatives or no, you're talking about a husband,
wife, or boyfriend. Girlfriend.
That's tough because they can resent you forever. Yeah.
You gotta be real careful, especially with the ladies. Yeah. Yeah.
And if you're a man and you resent your wife forever,
cause she tells you you're fat. You're probably not really a man.
That's really funny. He might be a little.
Oh my God. I can't believe you said that really. I mean, I like it cause it's,
I don't know what you like it, you might be a little.
It might be a little. Yeah. If your wife says you're fat and like,
if my wife tells me I'm fat, I'm like, Mmm, I'm not fat. Yeah.
What are you talking about? It doesn't work. It only works. If you're fat.
It's one thing. If they're saying something about, yeah. It's one thing.
If they're saying something about something you can't control,
like I wish you were black. I don't like white [inaudible].
So it sounds like you have no boundaries on your show. Right? Okay.
The guys that have really little.
Ooh. That's a row. That's a rough one.
I got, I got it. I I'm hearing you. So do you think the girl,
the let's do you think, and the girl, the girl and the guy,
or to get there, did the girl ever say you have.
Do they ever does it? I'm sure some girls do, but here's the thing. Some girls.
Pretty like rough guys. We can talk about.
Oh, I think some girls who are some girls who are beautiful,
beautiful girls are also lesbians. Oh yes. That's true.
So some girls popular to be some girls who are beautiful. Girls are bisexual.
So they, they like girls and guys,
here's the question with those girls,
the more likely to settle for a guy with a little Dick or a rich guy with a
little, they like girls to be girls and like guys,
no matter what to have a big Dick. Yeah.
All right. The way that's I think that like probably the latter.
That's probably, unfortunately evolution's a really is. Yeah.
I think that, uh, that's, you know,
there's not a thing a person can do about that one. You know,
you could suck fat out of your waste to stuff in your. You could get fake boobs.
This is a lot of you do. If you got a little Dick, that's a wrap son.
She can do. I mean, it's probably,
there's some operations that can help you out a little bit. I think that.
For the most part.
Yeah. Cutting. And Dick, those two words, don't go together.
Crazy when they have, for sure.
Guaranteed. You must must make them suicidal it. Cause it's whenever he.
Started throwing Troy. Now that would mean like we had looked.
Maybe an effect of crazy. I think,
I think there's certain things that, you know,
there's nothing you can do about it. You just have to handle that.
Roll the dice, whatever you got. Yeah. I would guess. Yeah. That's one of them,
but I mean, if,
if things like CRISPR and genetic manipulation and things they're working on
now. Yeah. That's probably one of the first things they're going to work on.
That's financial. I never thought of that.
Right on the show today.
I think I've found about four. Okay. I'm going to be honest with you,
but I don't, I don't think, uh, I don't think there's anything more profitable.
Except beauty. Beauty would be incredibly profitable for people who.
Both fall in that same depart. Well, somewhat same area. Yeah. Yeah.
Being like cousin, whatever it is. Cosmetics. Yes.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Not just cosmetics, but even, you know, uh,
people that are not.
Frame, you're not.
Operational. No, no. You're not operational.
I mean maybe one day there'll be able to do something to shoot a little virus
into your body and then all of a sudden perpetrator.
Yeah. That'd be.
Something that can happen. I mean, it's not insurmountable scientifically.
There's so many things that there are,
they're already doing with genetic manipulation. It's not outside of the.
Well, it's not outside the room. It seems as possible.
Let's start calling our scientists right now. Call.
Them up and see what's to say.
So anyway, I learned about fat shaming. I got that. That's.
He didn't know about that. That's like in the zeitgeists right now. Is it?
People get mad at people for fat shaming. Yeah. Yeah.
James Corden got mad at bill Maher. Bill Maher was mocking fat shaming.
He was saying maybe we should be shaming people more to him directly. No, no.
Oh,
just Mara was talking about on his television show that maybe we shouldn't be
shaming people. Oh, I see. I see James cordon said, I have a problem with that.
And you know, he's talking to Ben bade, a bunch of fat jokes,
which I found were kind of,
kind of weird making fat jokes while you're being upset that someone's
calling you fat.
That's interesting. Yeah. He thought he could get that one by you,
but that one didn't give by.
No, but he also does have a comedy talk show.
So it makes sense that he was making jokes and he's been comedic in his,
but.
It doesn't have that. He has, he doesn't like.
It's, it's, it's not something that you can't fix.
And that's one of the things that people have a problem with being sympathetic
about it. And I think that was bill Maher statement.
Cause bill is obviously a very slim man. Yeah.
But it's not something you can't fix. It's a problem to fix. It's hard to fix.
It's hard, probably requires discipline. And also your,
your gut biome is probably all screwed up from eating bad foods. And you know,
you probably are accustomed to certain,
certain behavior patterns that are unhealthy for you to the times you're eating
the kind of foods you're eating. Yeah.
Oh right. I fixed it. I fixed mine with, um, but I mean,
I wasn't fat in the w that.
Really you fix it with shame.
I fixed it with shame.
She shamed me and I started jumping rope and I started with,
I do all, everything with an achievable goal.
I just did a couple of minutes and I just kept going. And then pretty soon, uh,
you know, I did the rope with the, uh,
that had a counter on it with those plastic beads that gives a little weight on
and a nylon rope, a nylon cord, and you can really get it going.
So I could do 200 beats a minute for 30 minutes and you're holding your
body very tight. So it actually, I didn't think of it that way,
but it really strengthens, strengthened my core. Yeah.
Jumping rope was amazing. Yeah.
So you obviously do. Yeah. It's great.
Mostly. Yeah. I just do it to kind of get going. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But for boxers, that's why the boxers use it so much. I mean, it's,
it's a staple of boxing work.
Yes it is. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
I mean, you're always on your toes.
It keeps your calves conditioned and helps your body ability to sh shift
movement. I mean, strong calves and strong feet are very, very important for,
for boxing and anything that requires movement football players.
A lot of football players use jump rope to help their ability to move side to
side. And it helped them mobility. Yeah. Great workout too,
which is great cardiovascular.
Hmm. Yeah. I, I.
It's very trendy right now too. Is it?
Yeah. Another trend. Another trend is the antidote to fat shaming.
Videos online where people are doing like these YouTube workouts have a jumping
rope and then they also have weighted ropes, which is.
I used a weighted rope too. Yeah.
I used to go everywhere with these ropes. So if I were in an airport,
I'd be doing it.
I remember being on a tarmac in Greece and Athens waiting and I was
doing it. I would do it on in the rain. Uh,
I would I'll I'll I always, every day I did it.
That idea with no fail without fail for, uh,
almost 12 years.